So we added all the components we created to our templates,
now let's fine tune them and add the real content
we want to have there, starting in the header.
Of course I don't want to have this h1 tag here,
instead I will use a couple of Bootstrap classes to create a nice looking header. So I'll create a wrapping
nav element and on this element, I'll add the navbar class and the navbar-default.
Again, these are just Bootstrap classes which will give me this default Bootstrap header. In there,
I'll place a container-fluid div to have my own view container basically in there and the first thing
I want to have here is a header.
For that, we get the navbar header class
we can add to a div and in this div, I want to have a clickable header,
so I'll add an anchor tag pointing to hash
for now, we'll later of course add a route there once we learned how to do this and this should have
the class navbar-brand, to give this this brand-like text style,
I'll say recipe book here since this is the name of our application. So that's the header part of our
header, so this main brand part,
now let's work on the actual links. For this,
I'll add a div which will receive the collaps class and then the navbar-collaps class.
Now, I won't really use the collapse feature,
I won't add a hamburger
icon here since we will not have many links on our header anyways but this gives us some nice styles
and of course, collaps here should have an e at the end, like that.
So in here, I now want to have a group of list items, so a group of links in the end, this will be an unordered
list with the CSS classes, nav and then navbar-nav.
So make sure to create this unordered list with these classes and in there, if we add some list items,
they will actually sit next to each other, so they will automatically be positioned correctly by Bootstrap.
Each list item should hold a link,
so here I'll add an anchor tag, also pointing to just hash for now, one for the recipes section and
the second one for the shopping list section.
Now with that added, I'll add another area in my header here,
this will be another unordered list which will receive the classes, nav and now also navbar-nav
like before but then also navbar-right to position these links at the right and actually, this will
only be one link here which will receive a class of dropdown, this list item
will, because later, we will add our own directive which will turn this into a working dropdown where we
will then choose some options to store our data on a server, something we'll also implement later
in this course or fetch it from there.
So in the dropdown, I simply want to have my dropdown menu which when using Bootstrap is added by adding
an unordered list with the class dropdown-menu,
so this will hold the items this dropdown and here, I'll add a couple of list items which all hold some
links pointing to just hash for now, one for saving data
and one for fetching data. Again this will be filled with working code later.
So that's my header,
let's save it and see how it looks.
Looks ok,
I don't see my dropdown though,
the brand looks off,
so I'm not entirely happy with that.
Let's see what is wrong.
The brand is not working because that should be navbar, not have a h in between, so if you fix this, the
brand looks all right.
Now what's wrong with the dropdown?
Well the dropdown simply misses the link we would see to open the dropdown because this unordered
class here simply is the content of the dropdown,
we of course also need a link to trigger it.
So let's add an anchor tag pointing to hashtag here
where I will say manage, just manage maybe, you could of course change that text and this should have
a class of dropdown-toggle because this will be the button toggling the dropdown in the end.
Therefore it will have a row of button to add some accessibility to this and also required for this to
work correctly though
and with this now if we save this, we see the dropdown. It would be nice to have a little arrow next
to it indicating that it is a dropdown.
So next to manage, I'll add a span with a class of caret which will give us this arrow pointing to the
bottom,
this arrow here and now we get a dropdown.
It won't work if we click it because we haven't added any code which would open the dropdown,
we will do this after the directives section though.
So the header is now working,
with that let's move on
and let's work on our recipes section.